Peppa and her friends
are going to the gym today.
Let's check
you've all got your gym kits on.
Pedro is wearing a super hero costume.
Pedro, where is your gym kits?
It's at home.
I thought it was dressing-Up day!
Follow me, children.
This is the gym
where Mommies and daddies
Come to exercise and enjoy themselves.
Are you all having fun?
Yes, lots of fun.
Your gym teacher
for today is Grampy rabbit?
Where is he?
Hello, children.
Are you ready to exercise?
Yes, Grampy rabbit.
Do we have to do that?
No, that's surely for big athletes like me.
Not for little explorers like you.
We are not explorers.
I'll make explorers of you.
But you, you look like a super hero.
It's just pretend.
Pretending,
that's good. Right, let's warm up.
Everyone run
on the spot and flap your arms.
Now, stretch.
Stretch. Wobble like a jelly.
And, rest. Now we're all warmed up.
We can start.
Start what?
Your adventure.
I want you to
pretend that this room is a jungle.
It doesn't look like a jungle.
Where're the trees?
You have to imagine it.
The trees, the rain,
the fast clean river at your feet.
Your first adventure
is to walk on this beam across the river.
That's easy!
But it's night time and it's windy.
What's?
That's how it was for me.
It was a dark and stormy
night. I was on an adventure.
Ready?
But it's not windy or night time.
You have to pretend.
Everyone crosses the pretend river safely.
Hurray!
Well done! My little explorers.
What's next? Grampy Rabbit?
Your next adventure is to swim
across this swamp full of crocodiles.
I can't see any crocodiles.
You've got to pretend.
Let those crocodiles know who's boss.
Go away! You naughty crocodiles.
That's the spirit.
Did you ever
swim across a crocodile swamp?
Of course, I did.
Were you scared?
Not scared as they were of me.
Ready? Don't forget to do the call.
Everyone has crossed the
pretend crocodile swamp safely.
Well done!
What's our next adventure?
This is a fort, big
athlete jump over it, like this.
But you can pretend it's a dinosaur,
and crawl through its legs.
Have you crawled through
a dinosaur's legs Grampy Rabbit?
Oh, yes. Once I was walking in the jungle
When I stumbled
into a lost world of dinosaurs.
And that's it!
You've made it out of a jungle.
Hurray!
Did you have a good gym class, children?
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
They're real little explorers now.
We walked across a river.
And we swam over crocodiles.
And we crawled down to a dinosaur.
I love doing
Gym Class with Grampy Rabbit.